Sammy Pet HUb


Features

1 General search bar
2. Get your pet as menu cards
3. Filter (Pet type, if select dog then dog breed list, age, gender) can add more in admin 
4. Request pet if not among listed option
5. Dog toys with filter also in buy option
6. Pet medication with filters
7. Get pet entangled - pair up your dog for mating with filter
8. Request vet assistance or consultation clicking leads to WhatsApp or email or other options selected( in admin portal these social contacts are added and can be changed 
9. Notif bar for normal account profile showing notification for some key activities
10. also member account should have profile with orders menu showing the past orders made with status completed, processing and other options you term good
11. Tracking should show key information plus order id with time of expectation based on distance(maybe set by admin and counter active)

ADMIN

1. Addition to filter types and categories
2. Update contact info
3. Can add dog toys and group according to right filters like name of manufacturer 
4. can add more dog medication with more information add and maybe types like pills, liquid and also grouped according to pet
5. can post add for mating match
6. update opening an d closing time
7. run discounts for all products (price discount toggle with %)

ANIMATION/IMAGE

pets playing silly in a garden with butterflies around write up get your FUR-ever companion.

ADDITION

For request vet they select pet type then (if dog) select breed and then reason for request where they type in..links to any social they select 

A segment showing pet breeds...for now just dogs shown this will be scrollable to the left or right

pictures with an about info about the dog breeds...admin can edit this and add more including images of the pets 


IS YOUR PET ACTION STRANGE (Symptoms and signs of illness in pet)

pictures of sick pet with physical signs or symptoms circled)

then explanation and TYPE OF ILLNESS

A button saying request medical assistance linking back to request pet 




ABOUT

Cat with starry cute eyes big banner then writeup of Sammy hub as a place for everything relating to pets and then get a FUR-ever companion 
